Little demon, stop making trouble
Apologize
Otherwise, we will be really late when Master Tiger comes.
Don't worry, ma'am.
Even if the tiger comes, I am not afraid
Lu, I gave you a chance
Okay, here comes the tiger
Kill your whole family
So cheap, so cheap
You don't really think Tiger Wang is here
You can take care of me
Hahaha, you are quite bragging.
Just because you dead ghost still call Huya a tiger girl
waiter
You are here, this peddler is delayed
He also said that he would not even give me your face
It depends on who is so brave
later
Master Lu
I was looking for you.
This is all the money you want.
According to your wishes
Keep all the other money in the bank
I heard that you are covering him in this factory
He's my eldest sister's boss
Sister, what's the matter?
Huhu Huhu Lord you you you you you
You know him just threatened my eldest sister
Still wearing your symbol
Said to wear away my soul
Is that what you said?